1	Dust-Ion-Acoustic Solitary waves in a Magnetized Dusty Pair-Ion Plasma with Cairns-Gurevich electrons and opposite polarity dust particles	The nonlinear dust-ion acoustic (DIA) solitary structures have been studied in a dusty plasma including of the Cairns-Gurevich distribution for electrons, both negative and positive ions and immobile opposite polarity dust grains. The external magnetic field directed along the z-axis is considered. By using the standard reductive perturbation technique and the hydrodynamics model for the ion fluid, the modified Zakharov-Kuznetsov equation was derived for small but finite amplitude waves and was given the solitary wave solution for the parameters relevant. Using the appropriate the independent variable, we could find the modified Korteweg-de Vries equation. By plotting some figures, we have discussed and emphasized that how the different plasma values such as the trapping parameter, the nonthermal electron parameter and the ion cyclotron frequency can influence on the solitary wave structures. Also, by means of the bifurcation theory of planar dynamical systems, we have extracted the center and saddle points and illustrated the phase portrait of such system for some particular plasma parameters. Finally, we have investigated graphically the behavior of the solitary energy wave by changing the plasma values. The results could be useful for studying the physical mechanism of nonlinear propagation of DIA solitary waves in laboratory and space plasmas where nonthermal electrons, pair-ions and dust particles can be existed.
2	Acoustic absorption of solid foams with thin membranes	We measured the acoustic absorption, on the 0.5-6 kHz frequency range, of polyurethane foams with mean pore diameters between 0.6 and 3.2 mm. Two types of foams were investigated: classical open-cells ones versus membrane foams, in which thin polyurethane membranes were preserved during solidification. Interestingly, the latter presented better absorption abilities, indicating that membranes could be an asset for sound absorption.
3	A Surface Impedance-Based Three-Channel Acoustic Metasurface Retrore ector	We propose the design and measurement of an acoustic metasurface retroreflector that works at three discrete incident angles. An impedance model is developed such that for acoustic waves impinging at -60 degrees, the reflected wave is defined by the surface impedance of the metasurface, which is realized by a periodic grating. At 0 and 60 degrees, the retroreflection condition can be fulfilled by the diffraction of the surface. The thickness of the metasurface is about half of the operating wavelength and the retroreflector functions without parasitic diffraction associated with conventional gradient-index metasurfaces. Such highly efficient and compact retroreflectors open up possibilities in metamaterial-based acoustic sensing and communications.
4	Acoustic metamaterial plate embedded with Helmholtz resonators for extraordinary sound transmission loss	A new acoustic metamaterial plate (AMP) is proposed herein. The plate incorporates Helmholtz resonators that are periodically embedded at intervals shorter than acoustic wavelengths. The opening of the throat of the resonators is located at the surface on the transmitted side of the plate. This metamaterial plate exhibits extraordinary sound transmission loss (STL) at the resonance frequency of the Helmholtz resonators compared to a conventional flat plate. The STL of the AMP can be theoretically analyzed using the effective mass density and flexural rigidity. At the resonant frequency, the dynamic density of the AMP becomes much larger compared to that of a conventional solid flat plate with the same mass. When the Helmholtz resonant frequency is tuned to the coincidence frequency of the AMP, the dip in transmission loss owing to the coincidence effect is not observed. The frequency band, wherein high STL occurs, is narrow; however, the frequency band can be widened by embedding multiple resonators with slightly different resonant frequencies. Numerical experiments are also performed to demonstrate the acoustic performance of the proposed system. In the simulation, Helmholtz resonators with the 2.1-kHz resonant frequency are embedded at 20-mm intervals inside a 6-mm-thick flat glass plate. Analytical solutions of this system agree well with numerical solutions for various incidence angles of incoming plane waves. In this configuration, we find that the degradation of STL caused by the coincidence effect is nearly eliminated for waves incident at random angles.
5	Electron Acoustic Nonlinear Structures in Planetary Magnetospheres	In this paper, we have studied linear and nonlinear propagation of electron acoustic waves (EAWs) comprising of cold and hot populations in which the ions form the neutralizing background. The hot electrons have been assumed to follow the generalized (r,q) distribution which has the advantage that it mimics most of the distribution functions observed in space plasmas. Interestingly, it has been found that unlike Maxwellian and kappa distributions, the electron acoustic waves admit not only rarefactive structures but also allow the formation of compressive solitary structures for generalized (r,q) distribution. It has been found that the flatness parameter r, tail parameter q and the nonlinear propagation velocity u, affect the propagation characteristics of nonlinear EAWs. Using the plasmas parameters, typically found in the Saturn's magnetosphere and the Earth's auroral region, where two populations of electrons and electron acoustic solitary waves have been observed, we have given an estimate of the scale lengths over which these nonlinear waves are expected to form and how the size of these structures would vary with the change in the shape of the distribution function and with the change of the plasma parameters.
6	<strong>Molecular Dynamics Simulations of Acoustic Absorption by a Carbon Nanotube</strong>	Acoustic absorption by a carbon nanotube (CNT) was studied using molecular dynamics (MD) simulations in a molecular domain containing a monatomic gas driven by a time-varying periodic force to simulate acoustic wave propagation. Attenuation of the sound wave and the characteristics of the sound field due to interactions with the CNT were studied by evaluating the behavior of various acoustic parameters and comparing the behavior with that of the domain without the CNT present. A standing-wave model was developed for the CNT-containing system to predict sound attenuation by the CNT and the results were verified against estimates of attenuation using the thermodynamic concept of exergy. This study demonstrates acoustic absorption effects of a CNT in a thermostatted MD simulation, quantifies the acoustic losses induced by the CNT and illustrates their effects on the CNT. Overall, a platform was developed for MD simulations that can model acoustic damping induced by nanostructured materials such as CNTs, which can be used to further understanding of nanoscale acoustic loss mechanisms associated with molecular interactions between acoustic waves and nanomaterials.
7	<strong>Acoustic siphon effect of membrane-type metamaterials for low-frequency broadband absorption</strong>	The acoustic siphon effect of membrane-type metamaterials is proposed and investigated in detail, which plays an important role in the excellent broadband absorption for low-frequency sound. The acoustic siphon effect is such a phenomenon that the acoustic energy is forced to flow to the effective absorbing area from the neighboring area and absorbed there, which results from the pressure difference in near field between the two areas. Due to the acoustic siphon effect, the absorption coefficient of the membrane-type metamaterials can remain nearly unreduced within a certain range, when the surrounding area is increased and the effective absorbing area is kept constant. Furthermore, for excellent absorption performance, the specific structural parameters, such as the depth of the back cavity, the weight of the masses and the pre-stress of the membrane, need to be adjusted precisely. In addition, compared with the asymmetric metamaterials, the symmetric membrane-type metamaterials show the advantages in the achievement of the broadband absorption with acoustic siphon effect. The simulation results and the physical mechanism are verified by the corresponding experiment, in which a membrane-type structure with broadband absorption is designed with the maximum absorption peak approximately 100% and the average absorption coefficient more than 75%. The results presented here would offer a new way and theoretical guidance for the design of the structures for low-frequency broadband sound absorption, and have potential applications in controlling vibration and noise.
8	Acoustic response in a a one-dimensional layered metamaterial containing defects	Using transfer-matrix methods, we investigate the response of a multilayered<br />metamaterial system containing defects to an incident acoustic plane wave at normal or oblique incidence. The transmission<br />response consists of regions of Bloch oscillations separated by band gaps and covers a wide spectral range. The presence of gain and loss in the layers leads to the emergence of $\mathcal{PT}$-symmetry breaking and re-entrant<br />phases. In the general case, a system containing defects will display a more general property, pseudo-Hermiticity (PH),<br />of which $\mathcal{PT}$ systems are a subset. In the PH-symmetric phase, unidirectional responses of<br />the reflection, accomplished by reversing the parity $\mathcal{P}$, can be found but the response sometimes deviates from the predictions of simple scattering theory which call for a pseudo-unitarity relation relating the transmission and the two directions of<br />reflections to hold. The converse of reversing the parity, reversing the time operator $\mathcal{T}$ in a spatially asymmetric system within the PH-symmetric regime can lead to different transmissions: pass-band versus a stop-band. As regions<br />of stable PH-symmetric Bloch oscillations occur over a wide spectral range, there<br />is a large flexibility in system parameters such as layer thicknesses, for leading to the desired unidirectional<br />traits. In addition, we find that while defects in general lead to a near or complete loss of<br />PH symmetry at all frequencies, they can be exploited to produce highly-sensitive responses,<br />making such systems good candidates for sensor applications.
9	<strong>Optimization and Path Control of a High Frequency Acoustic Wave Transmission through a Silicon Wafer</strong>	In this paper, we present a step in the optimization of a silicon based acoustic microsystem for the realization of Lab On a Chip dedicated to acoustic characterization in a microfluidic channel in transmission mode. In the realized system, the high-frequency ultrasonic wave must propagate through a particular path between the emitting transducer and the receiver, requiring the use of two acoustic mirrors. The 45&#x02DA; silicon mirrors are fabricated by chemical wet etching technology and guide bulk acoustic wave transmission in three dimensions (3D). We studied and compared the effect of different acoustic matching layers on the 45&#x02DA; mirror surfaces. We demonstrated that shear wave mode conversion is limited and longitudinal wave transmission is efficiently strengthened.
10	<strong>Non-singular three-dimensional arbitrarily shaped acoustic cloaks composed of homogeneous parts</strong>	Acoustic metamaterials are artificial materials with unique mechanical properties, permitting interesting behaviors, such as acoustic cloaking. Acoustic cloaks can make an object appear acoustically &ldquo;invisible.&rdquo; Prior cloaks that were designed based on transformation methods have been limited by inhomogeneous, anisotropy and extreme material parameters. In this paper, a multistep transformation is proposed for a general tetrahedron. Each tetrahedron contains three homogeneous parts. Since most cloaks can be approximated as polyhedra, they can be divided into a series of tetrahedra. As a result, most 3D cloaks can be constructed of homogeneous parts by first approximating them as polyhedra. Two examples of polyhedral cloaks are given, which are simulated using COMSOL Multiphysics finite element software. The results show that the cloaks work well at acoustically concealing 3D objects. Although the properties of each part are non-singular, a balance is still required between cloaking performance and moderation of the material property values.
11	<strong>The Physical and Chemical Effects of Increasing Acoustic Power at Small Diameter Ultrasonic Horn Tip</strong>	Ultrasonic horn transducers with small tips apply in most of the laboratories. There are some reports, which has been studied the cavitation dynamics to consider the small tips (approximately is about 3 mm diameter).&nbsp; These reports showed that the high power, attached to the large, stable cavity below the tip and it made too many small bubbles are placed below it, but for lower power, it made the cloud of tiny bubbles. Here, we present a systematic study of the physical and chemical effects at the high &ndash; middle and low power for the 3 mm diameter horn tip. Measurement of the electrical power, calorimetric method, and photography of bubble cloud was done to study the physical effect. KI dosimeter as critical sonochemical reactions. Also synthesized nanoparticles under ultrasonic irradiation consider either the physical and chemical effects are done under variation of acoustic power. For example, the rate of synthesized is chemical effect and adhesive between nanoparticles is the physical effect. The results show that increasing the acoustic power change the physical parameter but cannot change the chemical effect.&nbsp; The comparability of the data measured has been discussed by considering bubble collapse and high-pressure shock wave.
12	<strong>Investigation of the acoustic nonlinear parameters of fluids using higher harmonic generation with up to third-order </strong>	Acoustic nonlinear parameters are frequently employed in harmonic generation measurements as a quantitative indicator for material nonlinearity and microstructural features. The determination of the second-order nonlinear parameter (<em>b</em>) is well established both theoretically and experimentally. With respect to the third harmonic generation, the third harmonic amplitude generally depends on both and (the third-order nonlinear parameter). For most biological fluids including water, the experimentally measured third harmonic amplitude is dominated by , not . Thus, some care should be taken when attempting to measure nonlinear parameters using the third harmonic amplitude. This paper investigates the determiation of using the third harmonic beam fields in water. In order to improve the measurement accuracy, the diffraction effects are corrected using the quasilinear solutions of the Westervelt equation, and attenuation corrections are made by extracting the attenuation coefficients. The <em>b</em> from the second harmonic amplitude is simultaneously measured for comparison. The measured in the range of 5 to 20 cm agrees well with the second harmonic measurement, revealing that the third harmonic amplitude is closely related to . A necessary input voltage is checked for reliable generation of the third harmonic, and the effects of nonlinear parameters on the third harmonic amplitude is discussed.
13	<strong>Acoustic Wave Sparsely-Activated Localization Microscopy (AWSALM): Super-Resolution Ultrasound Imaging using Acoustic Activation and Deactivation of </strong><strong>Nanodroplets</strong>	Photo-activated localization microscopy (PALM) has revolutionized the field of fluorescence microscopy by breaking the diffraction limit in spatial resolution. In this study, &lsquo;acoustic wave sparsely-activated localization microscopy (AWSALM)&rsquo;, an acoustic counterpart of PALM, is developed to super-resolve structures which cannot be resolved by conventional B-mode imaging. AWSALM utilizes acoustic waves to sparsely and stochastically activate decafluorobutane nanodroplets by acoustic vaporization, and to simultaneously deactivate the existing vaporized nanodroplets via acoustic destruction. In this method, activation, imaging, and deactivation are all performed using acoustic waves. Experimental results show that sub-wavelength micro-structures not resolvable by standard B-mode ultrasound images can be separated by AWSALM. This technique is flow independent and does not require a low concentration of contrast agents, as is required by current ultrasound super resolution techniques. Acoustic activation and deactivation can be controlled by adjusting the acoustic pressure, which remains well within the FDA approved safety range. In conclusion, this study shows the promise of a flow and contrast agent concentration independent super-resolution ultrasound technique which has potential to be faster and go beyond vascular imaging.
14	<strong>Study of Love Wave Acoustic Biosensors to Monitor the Adhesion Process of Tendon Stem Cells (TSCs)</strong>	<strong>The Love wave biosensor is considered as one of the most promising probing methods in biomedical research and diagnosis, which has been applied to detect the mechano-biological behaviors of cells attached to the surface of the device. More efforts should be devoted to the basic theoretical research and relevant device performance analysis that may contribute to the further developments of Love wave sensors. In this study, a 36&ordm; <em>YX</em>-LiTaO<sub>3</sub> based Love wave sensor with a parylene-C wave guiding layer is adopted as a cell-based biosensor to monitor the adhesion process of tendon stem/progenitor cells (TSCs), a newly discovered cell type in tendons. A theoretical model is proposed to describe the Love wave propagation, in which the adherent cells are considered as a uniform viscoelastic layer. The effects of viscoelastic cell layer and wave guiding layer on the propagation velocity <em>&upsilon;</em> and propagation loss (<em>PL)</em> are investigated. The numerical results indicate that the adherent cell layer of various storage or loss shear modulus in certain range can induce evident, characteristic variations in <em>&upsilon;</em> and <em>PL</em>, revealing the potential of Love wave sensors in providing useful quantitative measures on cellular mechanical properties. The sensor response to the adhesion process of TSCs exhibits high consistency with the experimental observations, which demonstrates the Love wave biosensor a very promising sensor platform for investigating cellular activities under multiple physiological conditions. </strong>
15	Acoustic funnel and buncher for nanoparticle injection	Acoustics-based techniques are investigated to focus and bunch nanoparticle beams. This allows to overcome the prominent problem of the longitudinal and transverse mismatch of particle stream and x-ray beam in single-particle/single molecule imaging at x-ray free-electron lasers (XFEL). It will also enable synchronized injection of particle streams at kHz repetition rates. Transverse focusing concentrates the particle flux to the (sub)micrometer x-ray focus. In the longitudinal direction, focused acoustic waves can be used to bunch the particle to the same repetition rate as the x-ray pulses. The acoustic manipulation is based on simple mechanical recoil effects and could be advantageous over light-pressure-based methods, which rely on absorption. The acoustic equipment is easy to implement and can be conveniently inserted into current XFEL endstations. With the proposed method, data collection times could be reduced by a factor of 10<sup>4</sup>. This work does not just provide an efficient method for acoustic manipulation of streams of arbitrary gas phase particles, but also opens up wide avenues for acoustics-based particle optics.
16	<strong>Experimental Investigation of Surface Acoustic Wave Acoustoelectric Effect using a Graphene Film on Lithium Niobate</strong>	<strong>Experimental results of the measured surface acoustic wave (SAW) acoustoelectric effect (AE) using single layer thin film graphene on 128-degree, Y-cut, X-propagating lithium niobate (128-LN) are presented. </strong><strong> </strong><strong>The use of an AE amplifier in SAW communication devices, especially in GHz bands, could make fundamental advancements in radios, sensors, and other applications. Experimental results at 1350 MHz show the delay line asymmetry of 3dB, given as the ratio of the forward versus reverse peak SAW frequency response, with an applied DC voltage on the graphene film.  </strong>
17	<strong>Acoustic Phonon Engineering in Bulk Crystals via Incorporation of Dopant Atoms</strong>	We report results of Brillouin &ndash; Mandelstam spectroscopy of transparent Al<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub> crystals with <em>Nd</em> dopants. The ionic radius and atomic mass of <em>Nd</em> atoms are distinctively different from those of the host <em>Al </em>atoms. Our results show that even a small concentration of <em>Nd</em> atoms incorporated into the Al<sub>2</sub>O<sub>3</sub> samples produces a profound change in the acoustic phonon spectrum. The velocity of the transverse acoustic phonons decreases by ~600 m/s at the <em>Nd</em> density of only ~0.1 %. Interestingly, the decrease in the phonon frequency and velocity with the doping concentration is non-monotonic. The obtained results, demonstrating that modification of the acoustic phonon spectrum can be achieved not only by nanostructuring but also by doping have important implications for thermal management as well as thermoelectric and optoelectronic devices.
18	Acoustic Paramagnetic Resonance Spectroscopy of HydrogensNuclei in Fluid	We report an analytical study on acoustic magnetic resonance spectroscopy system for Hydrogensnuclei in a viscous suid medium. Magnetic eld applied to hydrogen nuclei results in its oscillationsat the precession frequency. An acoustic wave applied to the system leads to development of timesvarying shear forces which can be decomposed into a rotational and a strain component. Thesrotation of the nuclei around its axis exerts a time varying torque leading to an enhancement ofsthe amplitude of oscillations eventually leading to emission of radio waves which can be used forscharacterization of a given sample for diagnosis of physiological conditions.s1
19	<strong>Acoustic Pressure Monopole, Velocity Monopole, and Hybrid Monopole</strong>	We examine the symmetry of the pressure and the velocity fields near the acoustic resonators with front-and-back mirror-symmetry structures excited by a single incident wave, and show that there are two types of acoustic monopoles, namely the pressure monopoles (PM&rsquo;s) and the velocity monopoles (VM&rsquo;s). Under one wave incidence, only the pressure field near a PM at resonance possesses monopolar symmetry, while for a VM at resonance only the velocity field possesses monopolar symmetry. Counter-intuitively, it is the dipolar response function of the monopoles that dictates whether they are PM&rsquo;s or VM&rsquo;s. A hybrid monopolar device with neither velocity nor pressure field symmetry is also demonstrated by combining a VM and a PM, which exhibits several resonances with neither PM nor VM symmetry, even though it has the mirror structural symmetry. The breaking of monopolar symmetry could lead to higher absorption of the subwavelength scale devices.
20	<strong>Acoustic Streaming in a Soft Tissue Microenvironment</strong>	We demonstrate that sound can push fluid through a tissue-mimicking material. Although acoustic streaming in tissue has been proposed as a mechanism for biomedical ultrasound applications, such as neuromodulation and enhanced drug penetration, no direct observation of streaming in tissue or acoustic phantoms has been observed. We developed a material that mimics the porous structure of tissue and used a dye and a video camera to track fluid movement. When applied above an acoustic intensity threshold, a focused ultrasound beam was shown to push the dye in the direction of wave propagation. Dye clearance increased with ultrasound intensity and was modelled using an adapted version of Eckart&rsquo;s acoustic streaming velocity equation. No microstructural changes were observed in the sonicated region when assessed using scanning electron microscopy. Our study shows that acoustic streaming can occur in soft porous materials and provides a mechanistic basis for future studies that would like to use streaming for therapeutic or diagnostic use.
21	Adaptive locally resonant metamaterials leveraging shape memory alloys	Locally resonant metamaterials offer bandgap formation for wavelengths much longer than the lattice size, enabling low-frequency and wideband vibration attenuation. Acoustic/elastic metamaterials made from resonating components usually do not exhibit reconfigurable and adaptive characteristics since the bandgap frequency range (i.e. target frequency and bandwidth combination) is fixed for a given mass ratio and stiffness of the resonators. In this work, we explore locally resonant metamaterials that exploit shape memory alloy (SMA) springs in an effort to develop adaptive metamaterials that can exhibit tunable bandgap properties. An analytical model for a locally resonant beam in transverse vibrations is combined with an SMA model for the resonator springs to investigate and leverage the potential of temperature-induced phase transformations and stress-induced hysteretic behavior of the springs. Two case studies are presented for this new class of smart metamaterials and resulting finite metastructures. In one case, SMA resonators operate in the linear elastic regime, first at low temperature (martensitic behavior) and then at high temperature (austenitic behavior), demonstrating how the bandgap could be dynamically tuned to a different frequency range by controlling the SMA elastic modulus with temperature. In the second case, the SMA springs are kept at high temperature at all times to operate in the nonlinear regime, so that the hysteresis associated with the SMA pseudoelastic effect is manifested, yielding additional dissipation over a range of frequencies, especially for the modes outside the bandgap.
22	<strong>Acoustic Properties and Density of Polyurea at Pressure up to 13.5 GPa through Brillouin Scattering Spectroscopy</strong>	Brillouin scattering was performed on an elastomeric polyurea, an important technological polymer. Widely used for impact modification, of particular interest is its response to extreme pressure conditions. We applied pressures up to 13.5 GPa using a diamond anvil cell, and measured the longitudinal and transverse sound velocities via Brillouin light scattering. From these data the equation of state, the elastic moduli, and Poisson&rsquo;s ratio were obtained. By comparison with prior dilatometry measurements up to 1 GPa, we show how viscoelastic effects can be accounted for in order to obtain an accurate equation of state. Because of the extreme strain-rate hardening of vitrifying polyurea, the property changes associated with its solidification are more subtle in the high frequency Brillouin data than observed in conventional mechanical testing and dilatometry.
23	A Review of Nonlinear Fluid Models for Ion-and Electron-Acoustic Solitons and Double Layers: Application to Weak Double Layers and Electrostatic Waves in the Solar Wind and the Lunar Wake	Electrostatic solitary waves (ESWs) have been observed in the Earth's magnetosphere, solar wind, Lunar wake and also in other planetary magnetospheres. The observed characteristics of the ESWs have been interpreted in terms of models based either on Bernstein-Green-Kruskal (BGK) modes/phase space holes or ion- and electron- acoustic solitons. However, the space community has favored the models based on BGK modes/phase space holes. In this review, current understanding of the fluid models for ion-and electron-acoustic solitons and double layers in multi-component plasmas is presented. The relationship between the theoretical models  and  space observations of  ESWs is emphasized. Two specific applications of ion- and electron-acoustic solitons  to  the occurrence of weak double layers and coherent electrostatic waves in the solar wind and the Lunar wake are discussed by comparing the observations and theoretical predictions. It is concluded that models based on  ion- and electron-acoustic solitons/double layers provide a plausible interpretation for the ESWs observed in space plasmas.
24	Nonlinear Trapping Stiffness of Mid-Air Single-Axis Acoustic Levitators	<SPAN style="font-weight: 400;">We describe and experimentally explore a nonlinear stiffness model of the trapping of a solid particle in a single-axis acoustic levitator. In contrast to the commonly employed linear stiffness assumption, our nonlinear model accurately predicts the response of the system. Our nonlinear model approximates the acoustic field in the vicinity of the trap as one-dimensional and sinusoidal and solves the resulting dynamics using numerical continuation. In particular we predict a softening of stiffness with amplitude as well as the onset of fold and period-doubling bifurcations even for small excitation amplitudes of &asymp; 4 % of the wavelength. These nonlinear dynamic features are observed experimentally in a single-axis levitator operating at 40 kHz and trapping millimetre-scale expanded polystyrene spheres. Excellent agreement between the observed and predicted behaviour is obtained suggesting that this relatively simple model captures the relevant physical phenomena. This new model enables the dynamic instabilities of trapped particles to be accurately predicted thereby benefiting contactless transportation and manipulation applications.</SPAN>
25	Mechanism of Space Charge Dynamics in Cellulose Insulation with High Water Content	Cellulose materials are widely used in HVDC apparatus for the insulating purpose. The water content in the oil-impregnated-cellulose insulation increases due to either insulation degradation or moisture ingress, which further accelerates the insulation degradation leading to potential carastrophic failures. Space charge behaviours of the oil-impregnated-cellulose insulation play a vital role for insulation integrity. In this paper, space charge behaviours were measured for oil impregnated paper samples with different water contents using Pulsed Electro-Acoustic (PEA) technique. A unique phenomenon was observed for the sample with high water content that hetero negative charge bump forms at the anode and then shifts to the cathode at a decreasing velocity. Additional verification experiments were conducted to the moist sample, from which, the phenomenon was found to be characterized as temperature-dependence, field-dependence, memory effect and quasi-interficial polarization behaviour. Combined with frequency domain spectroscopy (FDS) technique, the mechanism was revealed that the water state in the sample was changed by HVDC field resulting in non-uniformity of the sample, which led to the charge shifting phenomenon.
26	<strong>Acoustic Streaming in a Soft Tissue Microenvironment</strong>	We demonstrate that sound can push fluid through a tissue-mimicking material. Although acoustic streaming in tissue has been proposed as a mechanism for biomedical ultrasound applications, such as neuromodulation and enhanced drug penetration, no direct observation of streaming in tissue or acoustic phantoms has been observed. We developed a material that mimics the porous structure of tissue and used a dye and a video camera to track fluid movement. When applied above an acoustic intensity threshold, a focused ultrasound beam was shown to push the dye in the direction of wave propagation. Dye clearance increased with ultrasound intensity and was modelled using an adapted version of Eckart&rsquo;s acoustic streaming velocity equation. No microstructural changes were observed in the sonicated region when assessed using scanning electron microscopy. Our study shows that acoustic streaming can occur in soft porous materials and provides a mechanistic basis for future studies that would like to use streaming for therapeutic or diagnostic use.
27	<strong>Ferroelectric Monoclinic Phases in Strained K<sub>0.70</sub>Na<sub>0.30</sub>NbO<sub>3</sub> Thin Films Promoting Selective Surface Acoustic Wave Propagation</strong>	We present a detailed analysis of the ferroelectric domain structure of K<sub>0.70</sub>Na<sub>0.30</sub>NbO<sub>3</sub> thin films on (110) TbScO<sub>3</sub> grown by metal organic chemical vapor deposition. Upon piezoresponse force microscopy and nanofocus X-ray diffraction measurements we derive a domain model revealing monoclinic M<sub>C</sub> domains. The complex domain pattern is formed out of four co-existing in-plane orientations of the shearing direction of the monoclinic unit cell resulting in four types of superdomains each being composed of well-ordered stripe domains. Finally, we present surface acoustic wave (SAW) experiments that exhibit extraordinary signal intensities given the low thickness of the tested film. Moreover, the SAW propagation is found to occur selectively along the identified shearing directions.
28	Surface Acoustic Waves in Strain-Engineered K<sub>0.7</sub>Na<sub>0.3</sub>NbO<sub>3</sub> Thin Films	Epitaxial K<sub>0.7</sub>Na<sub>0.3</sub>NbO<sub>3</sub> thin films are grown via metal-organic chemical vapor deposition on (110)-oriented TbScO<sub>3</sub>. The films are strained due to the substrate&ndash;film lattice mismatch and therefore exhibit a strong and anisotropic modification of all its ferroelectric properties. The compressive in-plane strain leads to a reduction of the ferroelectric transition temperature from approximately 700K for unstrained K<sub>0.7</sub>Na<sub>0.3</sub>NbO<sub>3</sub> to 324K and 330K with maximum permittivities of 10270 and 13695 for the main crystallographic directions [001]<sub>TSO</sub> and [10]<sub>TSO</sub>, respectively. Moreover, the quite thin films (approx. 30nm thick) exhibit very large piezoelectric properties. For instance, surface acoustic waves with intensities of up to 4.7dB are recorded for wave propagation along the [10]<sub>TSO</sub> direction. The signal is smaller (up to 1.3dB) along [001]<sub>TSO</sub>, whilst for the intermediate direction [12]<sub>TSO</sub>, the signal seems to vanish (&lt;0.1dB). The results indicate that the choice of material, (K,Na)NbO<sub>3</sub>, in combination with strain-engineering via epitaxial growth onto lattice-mismatched substrates represents a promising way to optimize ferroelectric material for piezoelectric thin-film applications.
29	<strong>Ferroelastic relaxation at 20 GHz evidenced by large frequency range picosecond acoustics<sup></sup></strong>	We present a way to perform elastic measurements on a thin-film as a function of frequency between a few GHz to a few hundreds of GHz. The technique is mainly based on Picosecond Acoustics (PA) which is an ultrafast optical technique that realizes pulse-echo measurements but in the hypersonic range. Here we combine gold layers serving as transducers and several opto-acoustic detection mechanisms to extend the PA technique to the lowest accessible frequencies (a few GHz) up to hundreds of GHz. We can therefore use the same technique on the same material to explore its elastic properties at a certain frequency over a very large frequency range. We have then applied this technique to explore the elastic properties of a lead zirconate titanate (PZT) thin film from 3 to 80 GHz. We report a 9% increase of the longitudinal sound velocity above 20 GHz which corresponds to a 19% increase of the C33 elastic modulus. We interpret such an observation as a direct evidence of the ferroelastic domain wall relaxation.
30	<strong>Dynamic generation and modulation of </strong><strong>acoustic bottle-beams by metasurfaces</strong>	Acoustic bottle-beams have been realized by acoustic metasurfaces (AMs) composed of space-coiling subunits. By manipulating the transmitted acoustical phase, the special AM can generate two intersecting accelerating beams along the designed convex trajectories, forming the acoustic bottle-beam. The transmitted acoustic bottle-beams are investigated theoretically and demonstrated numerically. We find that the shape and area of the acoustic bottle-beam could be statically controlled by designing the AM as well as dynamically modulated by the incident angles. In addition, the highly efficient acoustic focusing could be obtained at the convergence point of the bottle-beams, which also could be adjusted dynamically by the incident angles. It is further found that this focusing is robust against the obstacle scattering. The realization and manipulation of acoustic bottle-beams may have potential applications in biomedical imaging/therapy and non-destructive evaluation.
31	Orienting Fatigue Cracks Using Contact Acoustic Nonlinearity in Scattered Plate Waves	Targeting quantitative delineation of nonlinear scatterers in elastic media and undersized fatigue cracks in particular, the present study is dedicated to investigation, from analytical, numerical, and experimental perspectives, of the underlying mechanism of interaction between guided ultrasonic waves (GUWs) and &ldquo;breathing&rdquo; fatigue cracks &ndash; a representative nonlinear scatterer type. Under the modulation of probing GUWs, a &ldquo;breathing&rdquo; crack scatters GUWs, in which the crack-triggered contact acoustic nonlinearity (CAN) is embodied. Analytical modeling demonstrates that the extracted CAN manifests unique scattering patterns associated with the crack slant, on which basis the crack can be oriented, without requiring reference to baseline signals. Experimental validation corroborates analytical prediction, in which an embryonic fatigue crack in an aluminum plate waveguide is oriented accurately and visualized in a pixelated image.
32	<strong>Acoustic Signals Induced by </strong><strong>Pulsed Electric Field </strong><strong>for Therapy Monitoring </strong>	Acoustic signals induced by a pulsed electric field are used for electrotherapy monitoring in real-time. This technique relies on the fact that pulsed electric fields induce ephemeral and localized temperature rises, followed by rapid thermal expansion, which then induces acoustic waves that can be detected outside the body and used to monitor absorbed electric energy. An experimental system was designed and implemented, which consists of three major components: a pulsed electric field generator, an ultrasound receiver, and a data acquisition system. Details of the system design and signal detection are presented. Characterization of these nanosecond electric pulse (nsEP) induced acoustic signals reveals a strong peak at 462 kHz, corresponding to a pulse duration in the microseconds range. A linear relationship between the intensity of the applied electric field and the intensity of the acoustic signal has also been observed. This study demonstrates the feasibility of applying a new technique for real-time monitoring of electrotherapy performed <em>in situ</em> in a non-invasive manner in clinical applications.
33	High-Speed Optical and Acoustical Observations and Theoretical Predictions for Microbubble Oscillation at 250 kHz	Microbubbles contrast agents are widely used in ultrasound imaging and therapy, typically with transmission center frequencies in the MHz. However, the oscillation of these agents at low frequencies (e.g. 250 kHz) has not yet been directly observed and is not well characterized. Here, microbubble oscillation was observed using acoustical recordings and high-speed optical imaging. Results are compared to theoretical predictions obtained using the modified Rayleigh&ndash;Plesset equation and the Marmottant model.  The comparison suggests that the effect of the microbubble shell is negligible at 250 kHz oscillation due to the high expansion and resulting exposed interface. Following 250 kHz transmission, microbubble expansion increases nonlinearly with increasing ultrasonic pressure. Microbubble expansion is enhanced for 250 kHz transmission and reaches 35-fold at a peak negative pressure (PNP) of 500 kPa, as compared to a maximum predicted expansion of 4.7 fold for 1 MHz transmission with a similar PNP. Further, the range of PNP yielding stable cavitation is narrower for the 250 kHz transmission frequency as compared to the higher frequency. Hence, the safety of microbubble-based therapeutic ultrasound protocols utilizing a 250 kHz or similar center frequency should be carefully evaluated.
34	<strong>Acoustic radiation torque of an acoustic-vortex spanner exerted on axisymmetric objects</strong>	Based on the analysis of the wave vector of an acoustic-vortex (AV) spanner, the radiation torque of object rotation is investigated. It is demonstrated that the rotation of an axisymmetric disk centered on the AV spanner is mainly driven by the acoustic radiation force (ARF). The radiation torque exerted on a small-radius object is inversely associated with the topological charge in the center AV, and it is enhanced significantly for a larger AV with a higher topological charge. With the sixteen-source experimental setup, radius dependences of radiation torque for AV spanners with different topological charges are verified by quantitative laser-displacement measurements using disks with different radii. The favorable results demonstrate that the radiation torque is more applicable than the orbital angular momentum in describing the driving capability of an AV spanner, and can be used as an effective tool in clinical applications to manipulate objects with a feature size at the wavelength-scale inside body.
35	Determination and Influence Evaluation of the Acoustic Impedance Ratio for Thermal Co-Evaporation	Metal-halide perovskites are promising materials for applications like lasers and solar cells. In this work, we show the importance of an accurate determination of the source material parameters (acoustic impedance ratio and density) for thermal co-evaporation of soft materials like perovskites. We use here methylammonium iodide and lead(II)iodide for the exemplary deposition of methylammoniumlead(II)triiodide. We measure the thickness of the deposited layers by SEM cross sections and monitor the frequency change of the quartz crystal micro balances. We use a model with a one-dimensional acoustical composite resonator for the correct determination of the acoustic impedance ratio, resulting in values of 0.025 +- 0.002 for methylammonium iodide and of 0.11 +- 0.01 for lead(II)iodide. We use the resulting material parameters to deposit a layer of crystalline methylammonium lead triiodide with an accurately controlled stoichiometry of MAPbIx with x=3.2 +- 0.2. We show the impact assuming false acoustic impedance ratios by simulating the actual evaporation rates of the source materials. We show that the ratio of the evaporation rates changes significantly during the deposition process. This results in a strong stoichiometry gradient in the perovskite layer and a mismatch in the average stoichiometry for typical absorber thicknesses of 600nm.
36	X-ray induced Acoustic Computed Tomography: Future Applications and Prospects	NA
37	<strong>A miniature fiber-optic high-intensity focused ultrasound device using a candle soot nanoparticles-polydimethylsiloxane composites-coated photoacoustic lens<sup></sup></strong>	We present a miniature fiber-optic ultrasound transmitter for generating high-intensity focused ultrasound (HIFU) based on photoacoustic transduction. The HIFU device consists of a fiber and a photoacoustic lens. We develop a simple fabrication procedure for making the photoacoustic lens, which is coated with candle soot nanoparticles-polydimethylsiloxane composites. The fiber is used to deliver pulsed laser for photoacoustic excitation, which facilitates the use of the HIFU device by eliminating the need of free-space optical alignment. The HIFU device (8.2 mm in diameter) produces focused acoustic pressures up to &gt;30 MPa in peak positive with a tight &minus;6-dB focal volume of ~100 &mu;m and ~500 &mu;m in the lateral and axial directions, respectively. Acoustic cavitation induced by the HIFU device is demonstrated. The miniature HIFU device facilitates handheld operation. It holds promise for clinical applications in intracavitary and intraoperative high-precision HIFU therapy.
38	<strong>Broadband Compact Acoustic Absorber with High-efficiency Ventilation Performance</strong>	Broadband absorption of low-frequency acoustic energy is an important yet challenging problem in a variety of branches of acoustics. In particular, the conventional designs of compact absorbers are subject to the trade-off between the sound absorption capability and ventilation efficiency, limiting their application potentials in many scenarios such as in the electronic devices with complicated spatial distribution that calls for both effective noise control and high-efficiency ventilation. Here we design and experimentally implement an acoustic absorber capable of efficiently absorbing low-frequency airborne sound in a broad band by a compact micro-perforated metastructure while keeping a considerably high ventilation efficiency. We propose and analytically demonstrate a model of double-layered metastructure perforated with arrays of deep-subwavelenth holes on two opposite sides to induce additional acoustic mass and thereby shift the resonance to substantially lower frequency. Thanks to this mechanism, the resulting device is subwavelength in all three dimensions, and the ratio between the ventilated and overall cross-sections reaches 70% that ensures an unprecedentedly high ventilation efficiency. In addition, our strategy also enable further extension of the working bandwidth by designing a hybrid configuration composing multiple unit cells with different eigen-frequencies. Good agreement is observed between the theoretical and experimental results, with both showing the high absorption coefficient and ventilation performance simultaneously provided by our designed device. Our work opens up possibilities for design of conceptually novel acoustic absorbers and may have profound implication in practical applications such as noise control in limited space in need of ventilation.
39	<strong>Acoustic Surface Waves on Three-Dimensional Groove Gratings with Subwavelength Thickness</strong>	Spoof surface acoustic waves (SSAWs) can be tightly confined at subwavelength scale by groove gratings, and propagate along the surface with low loss in broad bandwidth, displaying similar dispersion characteristics to surface plasmon polaritons (SPPs) at optical frequencies. Previous studies on SSAWs have largely been concentrated in the wave manipulation by one dimensional textured surfaces, but the practicality is greatly hindered owing to large overall size and poor integration ability. To overcome this limit, we put forward a three-dimensional SSAW waveguide with a compact cross section perpendicular to the propagation direction. By introducing an additional transition part for the purpose of mode conversion, the proposed SSAW waveguide is able to guide surface modes in a wide frequency range under the excitation of a point source. Both numerical and experimental results confirm the validity of the proposed design, thus offering attractive prospects for the emerging acoustic surface wave applications.
40	Geodesic modes driven by plasma fluxes during oblique NB heating in tokamaks	Some relevant aspects of the instability of Geodesic Acoustic Modes - GAMs driven by Neutral Beam (NB) injection are studied, in particular its dependence on the injection direction, that is, co- or counter-injection, and on the pitch angle distribution of the beam particles in velocity space. In this paper, we further investigate these and other related issues considering the excitation of GAMs by energetic ions created during NB injection and modeled by a bump-on-tail distribution function with sharp Gaussian dependence over the pitch angle at injection angle. The bump is considered to have an energetic ion tail with temperature of the order of the third part of the critical energy that appears due to the slowing down effect on electrons. It is found that maximum frequency of the GAM instability stays below the particle circulation frequency at the critical energy and it is substantially reduced to be closer to parallel injection conditions. The instability may be preferentially driven for counter NB injection due to interaction of plasma rotation and/or diamagnetic drift with electron current velocity.
41	<strong>Self-collimation of Spoof Surface Acoustic Waves</strong>	Self-collimated propagation of spoof acoustic surface waves over a thin solid slab with partially embedded spherical cavities in a square lattice is numerically and experimentally demonstrated. Band structure calculations via the Finite-Element Method reveal that a single spoof surface wave band appears below the air-line, which flattens as the spheres are embedded deeper. For a radius-to-lattice constant ratio of 0.45 and embedding depth of 70% of the radius, the surface band is such that non-diffractive guiding of spoof waves along the [11] direction around 26.8 kHz with approximately 1 kHz bandwidth can be achieved. Persistent self-collimated propagation of spoof surface waves over long distances is demonstrated through frequency-domain Finite-Element Method simulations. Plane waves incident from air can couple to the self-collimated modes for a wide range of azimuthal angle of incidence up to 60 degrees, where the polar angle of incidence can be in the range of &plusmn;15 degrees. Self-collimation of spoof waves is experimentally realized by employing both a plane-wave and line source. The observed phenomenon can be utilized in two-dimensional acoustic systems such as logic circuits and interferometric sensing devices.
42	<strong>Rotational Manipulation by Acoustic Radiation Torque of High-order Vortex Beams</strong>	As a nondestructive and contactless method of rotational manipulation on object, acoustic radiation torque has attracted much attention in recent years. Here, we propose an effective way to generate high-order acoustic vortex beams simply by a structured plate and demonstrate flexible rotational manipulations on objects with different shapes such as disks or small balls or sticks by the generated vortex beams.  Two structural plates respectively carved with one set or two sets of Archimedean spiral gratings on single side are fabricated to get the first-order and second-order acoustic vortex beams at the same frequency, acoustic radiation torque of which are experimentally analyzed through the rotational manipulation of a standard acoustic absorption disk. Further we extend the rotational manipulation on different objects such as small balls and sticks, which gives an intuitive picture of angular momentum transfer from vortex beams to absorption materials. We believe the present work will pave a way to potential applications in acoustic and biomedical field.
43	<strong>A Subwavelength Asymmetric Acoustic Design for Waveform-preserved Highly Forward Transmission</strong>	We propose a subwavelength acoustic asymmetric transmission (SAAT) design constituting of a solid-fluid superlattice (SFSL) coupled with an acoustic grating (AG), which can provide waveform-preserved transmission with very high forward transmission and nearly forbidden backward transmission. The unique feature of waveform preservation of the transmission wave is attributed to the low-frequency diffraction characteristics of the AG together with the extraordinary forbidden transmission of SFSL in a broadband frequency range. Both the frequency range and the beam direction of the transmission wave calculated by using finite element method agree perfectly with the analytical predictions. By investigating the influence of several key parameters, including the angular orientation of the AG unit and the periodicity number of the SFSL, we were able to optimize the SAAT device design, which can increase the energy forward transmission up to 60% without waveform distortion, and the reverse transmission is nearly forbidden. Such remarkable features of our SAAT make this design favorable in unidirectional signal transmission applications.
44	Geodesic mode instability driven during ion cyclotron heating in tokamaks	The effect of a minor concentration of energetic particles produced by ion cyclotron resonance (ICR) heating on stability of Geodesic Acoustic Modes (GAM) is studied using fully drift kinetic equation. Assuming the ICR layer position on high field side of the tokamak magnetic axis, a minority ion distribution is modeled by the energetic ion tail and "triangle"-like pitch angle distribution with the maximum at the trapped-passing ion boundary. The resulting GAM instability is found when the hot ion thermal velocity is larger than the effective parallel GAM phase velocity Rq&#xF077; and the geodesic frequency has the order of the energetic ion bounce frequency. The standard GAM frequency may be strongly reduced by some small concentration of the energetic ions allowing the mode to be unstable. Respective neoclassical polarization corrections (residual flow) driven by energetic ions are found to be negative and large than that calculated by Rosenbluth and Hinton. Qualitative comparison of the theory with ICR heating experiments in tokamak is discussed.
45	Acoustic trapping of single spherical particle by a periodically two-dimensional structured stiff plate without openings	In this paper, we investigated the acoustic radiation force (ARF) acting on a spherical brass particle near a stiff plate without openings but patterned with two-dimensional periodic stubs. Results showed that the particle near plate can be pulled backward when external acoustic waves impacted into the system. We also demonstrated that the dramatic pulling force originates from the collective excitation of nonleaky flexural Lamb modes in the periodically structured solid plate. In addition, effects of the location and size of particle on the ARF are also investigated. Prospective applications of this negative ARF can be anticipated, such as sorting and trapped microparticles without contact.
46	Broadband underwater acoustic carpet cloak based on pentamode materials	Acoustic carpet cloak in air has become an attractive topic in the past few years and has been realized in many feasible ways. However, underwater acoustic carpet cloak still suffers from lacking operator flexibility. Inspired by those works before, we design an impedance matching underwater acoustic carpet cloak using pentamode materials here. The carpet cloak employs an effective velocity lower than water to restore the distorted reflected waves and its effective density is tuned to guarantee impedance matching with water. It is also demonstrated that a cloaked area with a higher height can be formed by simply using more microstructures in the cloak. Simulation results depict that the proposed carpet cloak has a great performance in a wide range of frequency. Our investigation may have potential applications in simplifying the underwater acoustic carpet cloak design.
47	Acoustic Directional Transmission Based on Metamaterialsa	In order to explore the low-loss and simple operation of acoustic directional transmission technology, the propagation of acoustic waves in resonant phononic crystals was studied, and a transmission model based on acoustic metamaterials was constructed. Using the local resonance characteristics between acoustic waves and original cells, the multi-directional transmission of acoustic waves was modeled in COMSOL software. It was found that acoustic waves generated by the point source will be refocused into a point source after passing through the transmission model, and the transmission loss will be small. Under the control of this model, the effect of point source propagation in various directions was achieved. In addition, the acoustic field characteristics of the model samples were tested to verify the feasibility of the model structure, which provides a new direction for applications such as underwater acoustic communication and detection.
48	Acoustic Lock: Position and Orientation Trapping of Non-spherical Sub-wavelength Particles in Mid-air using a Single-axis Acoustic Levitator	We demonstrate acoustic trapping both in position and orientation of a non-spherical particle of sub-wavelength size in mid-air. To do so, we multiplex in time a vertical standing wave and a twin-trap; the vertical standing wave provides converging forces that trap in position, whereas the twin-trap applies a stabilising torque that locks the orientation. The device operates at 40 kHz and the employed multiplexing ratio of the 2 acoustic fields is 100:50 (standing:twin) periods. This ratio can be changed to provide tunability of the relative trapping strength and converging torque. The torsional spring stiffness of the trap is measured through simulations and experiments with good agreement. Cubes from $\lambda/5.56$ (1.5mm) to $\lambda/2.5$ (3.4mmm) side length were stably locked. We also apply this technique to lock different non-spherical particles in mid-air: cubes, pyramids, cylinders and insects such as flies and crickets. This technique adds significant functionality to mid-air acoustic levitation and will enable applications in micro-scale manufacturing as well as containment of specimens for examination and 3D-scanning.
49	Low frequency Acoustic Energy Harvester Based on a Planar Helmholtz Resonator	A novel acoustic energy harvester (AEH) based on an acoustic Helmholtz resonator is proposed in this research to harvest low frequency acoustic energy. The height of the resonator is deep subwavelength of the interesting sound wave, meaning that the overall structure is compact. The neck component is designed specifically to reduce the influence of acoustic resistance. The proposed Helmholtz resonator was evaluated using numerical simulation and experimental tests. Measured results show the proposed structure can amplify low frequency sound effectively and the resonance frequency corresponds well with the numerical simulation. A PZT-5H piezoelectric patch, bonded to the top side of the AEH, is used to convert mechanical strain energy into electrical power. Experimental results illustrate that under 100 dB SPL excitation, maximum 27.2 &#x00B5;W power can be harvested at 217 Hz and maximum 64.4 &#x00B5;W power can be harvested at 341 Hz. These results correspond to acoustic and mechanical resonance respectively.
50	Extremely Polarization-Sensitive Surface Acoustic Wave Brillouin Scattering in Subwavelength Waveguides	We report that extremely polarization-sensitive stimulated Brillouin scattering (SBS) emerges in subwavelength elliptical waveguides when mediated by the surface acoustic waves. We find based on the full-vectorial finite element analysis that the SBS driven by a specific surface acoustic wave can be eliminated for one polarization mode, whereas that for the other polarization mode is kept significant, while such the strongly polarization-dependent Brillouin gain has not been observed in conventional SBS by the bulk acoustic waves. We explain the origin of these intriguing polarization-selective phenomena in terms of the counter-balance between the photoelastic and moving-boundary effects. Our findings provide a host of new possibilities of highly efficient all-optical control and stabilization of the polarization state of light.
